# CircleCI Contexts Example

## Pre-requisites

In order to rotate a key that's stored in CircleCI contexts, you'll need:

1. A GitHub machine user (**not a human user**)
with write access to the GitHub repository that the CircleCI project is linked
to. Note: the GitHub user must be part of a team that has access to the context,
see the CircleCI [docs](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/contexts/) for more info.
2. A CircleCI API key for the GitHub user, which can be generated by logging in
to [circleci.com](circleci.com) as the user, then creating a
[personal API token](https://circleci.com/account/api).
3. A CircleCI context, which you can create by visiting
https://app.circleci.com/settings/organization/github/<org>/contexts. Once
created, grab the uuid from the url, you'll need it for your config later.
4. An env var set on the context in CircleCI.
5. Auth to actually perform the rotation operation with whichever cloud provider
you're using. This will require a service-account or user (with the
cloud-provider you're rotating with) that has the required set of permissions.
Then, auth will need to be given to `cloud-key-rotator` (usually in the form of
a .json file or env vars).

## Configuration

```json
  "AccountKeyLocations": [
    {
      "ServiceAccountName": "my_aws_machine_user",
      "CircleCIContext": [
        {
          "ContextID": "my-uuid-context-id"
        }
      ]
    }
  ],
  "Credentials": {
    "CircleCIAPIToken": "my_circle_ci_api_token"
  }
```

When rotating AWS keys, there are some optional fields,
`keyIDEnvVar` and `keyEnvVar`, that represent the env var names in CircleCI,
defaulting to values `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`
respectively.

So, if you store your Key ID and Key values in env vars in CircleCI that're
named differently, you could set something like this instead:

```json
    "CircleCIContext": [{
      "ContextID": "my-uuid-context-id",
      "KeyIDEnvVar": "AWS_KEY_ID",
      "KeyEnvVar": "AWS_KEY"
    }]
```

When rotating GCP keys, to override the default CircleCI env var name 
(`GCLOUD_SERVICE_KEY`), you only need to override the `KeyEnvVar` value
(as only a single value, the key, is needed for GCP)

```json
    "CircleCI": [{
      "ContextID": "my-uuid-context-id",
      "KeyEnvVar": "GCP_KEY"
    }]
```
